with a world cyber squad a lot of people
you want me to comment on this whole
Donald sterling that Donald sterling is
not is not it's not a racist I think too
many people are jumping the gun on this
whole thing Donald sterling is a good
man think about it if he was racist why
would he have black people working for
me okay so tell me since when have you
heard of a racist white man letting
black people work for good I way I
forget that lets go to the fax number
one he gave ten thousand dollars to the
n-double-a-cp do you know what the
organization can do with ten thousand
dollars you can employ one whole human
being for two months out of the year
give or take a month provide there's no
overtime sickly vacation and don't
holiday pay involved or that could cover
the light bill on the first floor in the
bathrooms on the left wing for about a
month hey $10,000 might be pennies de
sterling but it's a nickel to the
n-double-a-cp how's that for asus number
two let's talk about this whole evicting
tenants situation see the lamestream
media is only gonna feed you with
appetizers you got go and do your
research to get the full on trade that
being said allow me to read you and next
service an article written by Jamillia
king on cutting lines com check this up
Jones's refrigerator drip her dishwasher
was broken and her apartment was always
cold now it had flooded Davenport
reported what she sought to sterling and
according to her testimony he asks is
she one of those black people that stink
so we just gonna act like that's not
about a question so he just supposed to
fix our refrigerator even if she wanted
those black people that stink that's
like a mechanic trying to fix a car for
driving at almost a car while he's
wearing shoes like why would he do it
but wait there's more if further reads
when Davenport Oh sterling
Jones wanted to be reimbursed for the
water damage and compensated for the
ruined property he replied I'm not gonna
do that Jessie victim whoo brotherly on
Isaac Kennedy couldn't have said it any
better when he called Donald sterling a
prince among men do you see what he just
did right there I mean we're talking
about a man that knows his building is
on the verge of Qatar from refrigerators
broken dishwashers floods everywhere he
tried everything in his power to get
them damn tenants out of that building
into safety by any means necessary and
when he realized that by leaving that
building will result in a breach of
contract by the tenants he said no I'm
not going to do it Jesse victim he
actively and systematically alleviating
every black and Hispanic tenant from
their contractual obligations allotting
them personal freedom and physical
safety and ain't got no awards for that
well technically the n-double-a-cp did
but they damn sure to give that house in
that four races lastly number three
let's talk about this audio say the most
controversial statement he made was
don't bring black people to my games
where's the racism now if you can read
between the lines like me you would see
that this is just classic Donald
sterling putting everybody else's
interests above his very own see
basketball is something we hold very
near and dear to our heart is black
people and he understands that the black
community has such a profound love for
the sport of basketball with that in
mind he also understands that his team
has been do do for decades granite
they've been balling as of late but with
him not feeling as though they will make
it out of the first round of the
playoffs this year he wanted to say the
black fans the embarrassment of seeing
the game in which they love played at a
mediocre level sterling just felt as
though his franchise wasn't even worthy
of the black
communities viewership and so they can
be proven to play the game at the high
level in which we demand as great a fans
and equal opportunity citizens of the
United States of America how's that for
races oh and died I'm a Nissan / deal
also heard on the tape that you give
black people things feel free to add me
to that list of black people that you
get things too because I sure could use
a house cause clothes and food you can
get in contact with me to send me those
things that my email address right here
I've Esquire at gmail com in the event
that I be not hear from you racist
mother thanks for watching again this
video was written by me directly about
me produced by me edited by me all for
you so don't forget to comment like
subscribe follow or do you both whatever
you do just do something and I be that
piece lamestream media Donald sterling
races or you know they'll be called it
cliven Bundy races
yes every year
oh dear what's her me all